Add tenant dependency Python 3.12 support (#822)
epam/badgerdoc: lib/python3.12/tenants/README.md

## How to use with BadgerDoc

Import and create an instance of tenant dependency.
To make this dependency work with BadgerDoc you need to provide an url to keycloak and set 'algorithm' arg to `RS256`.

```Python
from tenant_dependency import TenantData, get_tenant_info

> #  inner url would look like this "http://bagerdoc-keycloack" (http://{keycloak_pod_name})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#  inner url would look like this "http://bagerdoc-keycloak" (http://{keycloak_pod_name})
```

#### Otherwise, if you're using algorithm HS256, you need "key" arg and don't need "url". Check `usage_example/main.py`.
Param `debug` is needed to render `Authorize` button in `/openapi` docs.

Now you can add this dependency to your FastAPI endpoint:

```Python
from fastapi import Depends, FastAPI
from tenant_dependency import TenantData, get_tenant_info

app = FastAPI()
tenant = get_tenant_info(url="http://dev1.gcov.ru", algorithm="RS256", debug=True)

@app.post("/test")
async def get_nums(token: TenantData = Depends(tenant)):
    return token.dict()
```
Default values for `algorithm` and `debug` is `RS256` and `True`,
so you can create an instance like that:
```Python
tenant = get_tenant_info(url="http://dev1.gcov.ru")
```

Go to docs and check how it works.

1) Click `Authorize` and submit token.
2) Try to use endpoint.

Without valid jwt this endpoint `/test` will raise 401 Error.

```Python
@app.post("/test")
async def get_nums(token: TenantData = Depends(tenant)):
    return token.dict()
```
This dependency will:
1) Check if incoming request came with header `Authorization`, if that header wasn't provided Error 401 will be raised.

> 2) If header `Authorization` exists, dependency will try to validate it with signature key or url those you put as args to dependency `tenant = get_tenant_info(key="SECRET") / tenant = get_tenant_info(url="http://bagerdoc-keycloack")`. If is key invalid or token is expired 401 Error will be raised.

Reviewer: I think i missed this one
```suggestion
2) If header `Authorization` exists, dependency will try to validate it with signature key or url those you put as args to dependency `tenant = get_tenant_info(key="SECRET") / tenant = get_tenant_info(url="http://badgerdoc-keycloak")`. If is key invalid or token is expired 401 Error will be raised.
```
